1. This repository includes three parts. First one is "Input Files", where each system has its own unique section. In each section, the input files are divided into six different components. 
(1). In "antechamber4ligand" part, there exist files used to prepare ligands for tLEaP and the corresponding results. 
(2). The "MD" is divided into "Complex", "Receptor" and "Ligand" section. The topology (.prmtop) and coordinate (.inpcrd) files referred to in the script (.sh) are stored in the "tleap" part.
(3). The "tleap" is also divided into "Complex", "Receptor" and "Ligand" section. Note that some files mentioned in the tleap input files (.in) in the "Complex" and "Ligand" section are in other folders. For example, when running "Complex" or "Ligand" tLEaP building up, the corresponding ligand structure files are located in "antechamber4ligand" folder.
(4). "MMPBSA" and "NMODE" folders consist of "STM" and "MTM", which are based on different methods. For "MMPBSA", the topology files of complex, receptor and ligand with solvent are all located in the relative "tleap" part.
(5). For "NMODE", 'splitup*.in' files are used to split up the topology files (no solvent), which are previously used in MMPBSA (complex.prmtop, receptor.prmtop, ligand.prmtop), and output trunc.\*.prmtop files, while 'truncation*.in' files are used to truncate the trajectories (with solvent) and output corresponding topology and trajectory files. Nearly all the topology files required in the script (.sh) are in the same path, except the 'ligand.prmtop' is located in "MMPBSA" part.
(6). The last part is called "MGBinding" and only exists in agonist-binding systems which contains input files to calculate the binding free energy between agonist and Mg2+ metal ion. It is worth noting that in order to accurately model the interactions, we build a 12-6-4 LJ-type nonbonded model using parmed under the guidance of Amber Tutorial.
Import Note:
(1). As is illustrated in the article, all the mutants share the same ligand topology and trajectory with wild-type, which can explain why the mutant folder does not have "Ligand" section in "MD" and "tleap".
(2). Since the ligand TIQ and AZJ share the protein receptor structure, and PSB share the protein receptor structure with 6AD and 6AT, the receptor folders in "MD" and "tleap" in "4ntj_tiq", "4ntj_tiq_muta", "4pxz", "4pxz_muta", "4py0", "4py0_muta" are missing.
(3). All the input files only apply to GAFF2 force field for ligands. For the simulations under GAFF force field in the article, we only need to change the relative force field to GAFF.


3. In "Raw Data" part, all the MMPBSA and Normal Mode Entropy calculation results are stored here. "ad_mg_gaff", "ad_mg_gaff2", "at_mg_gaff", "at_mg_gaff2" correspond to MMPBSA results of interactions between agonist and Mg2+ metal ion ("ad" refers to 6AD in 4pxz, "at" refers to 6AT in 4py0. "gaff" and "gaff2" refer to the different force fields used). "mmpbsa_data_gaff", "mmpbsa_data_gaff2", "nmode_data_gaff", "nmode_data_gaff2" refer to the MMPBSA and Nmode Mode Entropy calculation results of different systems. "gaff" and "gaff2" represent force field for ligands. Note that both MMPBSA and Normal Mode Entropy calculation output .dat and .csv files. The details of each term in the calculation can be found in .csv file. The last one is "PDB_structure", which has the protein structure after using Modeller to add the non-terminal missing loops.

4. In "Data Analysis" part, there are python scripts to analyze the raw data and make figures.

